Colors and Typography improvements (#502)
CartoDB/carto-react: UPGRADE.md

Added several custom variants to the typography set. Note that MUI v5 is needed to register them properly.

> `Open Sans` and `Montserrat` families are been replaced by `Inter` and `Overpass Mono`, you have an exaple of this in the [`preview-head.html`](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react/blob/master/packages/react-ui/storybook/.storybook/preview-head.html) file.

Reviewer: Little typo
```suggestion
`Open Sans` and `Montserrat` families have been replaced by `Inter` and `Overpass Mono`, you have an example of this in the [`preview-head.html`](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react/blob/master/packages/react-ui/storybook/.storybook/preview-head.html) file.
```

- disabledOpacity
- selectedOpacity
- focusOpacity
- other, all removed but divider, which is moved to first level

Some others have been moved or replaced because they aren't native MUI keys and are so specific to some components, these are:

- charts (replaced by `theme.palette.black[%]`)

`grey palette` is not used to design (and therefore not for style) components directly. We have a set of neutral colors to use in the custom `default` variant.

We also have a set of `shade` colors (with transparency):

- black
- white

> Important: `primary.relatedLight` and `secondary.relatedLight` has to be replaced by `primary.background` and `secondary.background`.

Reviewer: Should we start doing it in the code, after landing this PR? or not yet?

Author: I already did it here in c4r, in this PR. I left this note for other platforms like cloud-native.

> Important: `primary.relatedLight` and `secondary.relatedLight` has to be replaced by `primary.background` and `secondary.background`.

Reviewer: I think that these details are fine, cause are useful for the 'UPGRADE' process itself, but we have also some "mixed" comments (?) about internal changes / refactors (a bit at the beginning of the doc?)... Maybe it's easier to have a separated section in the document talking about 'internals' (some notes useful for carto-react developers) vs 'upgrade' advices for carto-react users (just interested in external / api changes). Just a feeling, not something urgent now, but to think about

Author: Oh, good point. I'll give it a thought to see how to apply it to the document. Thanks for the suggestion :)
